[TiKV] Introduce `raft-engine.prefill-for-recycle` configuration. (#12826)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ Determines whether to recycle stale log files in Raft Engine. When it is enabled, logically purged log files will be reserved for recycling. This reduces the long tail latency on write workloads.
+ Default value: `false`

> ### `prefill-for-recycle` <span class="version-mark">New in 7.0.0</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `prefill-for-recycle` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.0.0</span>
```

> **Note:**
>

> > This configuration item is only available when [`enable-log-recycle`](#enable-log-recycle-new-in-v630) >= 2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This configuration item only takes effect when [`enable-log-recycle`](#enable-log-recycle-new-in-v630) >= 2.
```

> > This configuration item only takes effect when [`enable-log-recycle`](#enable-log-recycle-new-in-v630) >= 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This configuration item only takes effect when [`enable-log-recycle`](#enable-log-recycle-new-in-v630) is set to `true`.
```

> + Whether to generate empty log files for log recycling in Raft Engine. When it is enabled, Raft Engine will automatically fill a batch of empty log files for log recycling during initialization, making log recycling effective immediately after initialization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Determines whether to generate empty log files for log recycling in Raft Engine. When it is enabled, Raft Engine will automatically fill a batch of empty log files for log recycling during initialization, making log recycling effective immediately after initialization.
```
